# X4MLParser
This is an fsharp app that generates the 'end of days/the last gate' mod for X4
( or whatever I eventually decide to call it.)

The mod will convert most of the galaxy to xenon owned and shrink the economies
of the other AI factions. Existing gamestarts won't work so well, as you may
start in the middle of a Xenon owned sector. I recommend using a custom start.

For detailed information on what the mod actually does, check the Readme in:
 /mod_xml/Readme.md


The code generator will parse the X4 data files, including expansions, and
generate all the X4 XML diffs required to apply these changes to the universe start.

To use this mod-generator, you'll need to extract the x4 foundations catalog
using the egosoft provided tools, and place these files in the folder
> x4_unpacked_data
  > core
  > boron
  > split
  > pirate
  > terran

Each DLC has it's own subdirectory as shown above, and the core games data
will reside under 'core'.

#### mod_template directory
This directory contains template files used by the type provider, or some default XML
for things like xenon defence stations.

#### mod_xml directory
This folder contains static XML content and subdirectories that we'll directly copy in to
the mod output folder. ie, these are XML that are already created, and will not be
autogenerated like the rest of the mod.

#### mod directory
When you run the code, the final mod will be output in this directory.
All you need to do is copy the contents to your X4 extensions folder.

# Thanks to
The egosoft modding discord and the helpful folks there, especially DeadAir!
